Name:
  don't really have a good one yet, so took the reverse of cap..

Why not use Vlad or Capistrano?

  These are both excellent choices, however, for myself I spend a LOT
of time deploying and don't think I should. I should be able to type one
short command and be set. I should NOT have to spend an equal amount of
time configuring my script and sshing in to make sure something worked.

Why not use Puppet or Chef?
  
  These are also excellent programs -- however, once again I do not
wish to spend an afternoon learning the vernacular and spending two hours
to make one small change -- if they work for you -- fine use them -- I'm
using this.

Running:
  I usually have my ssh-keys added during a coding session. Among them
are ones for my git repositories and one for my production server. To
add yours simply:

  ssh-add ~/.ssh/gitrepo
  ssh-add ~/.ssh/production

  If you do this before you hop into SCREEN you'll be able to close/open
as many shells as you want without having to retype your password.

  Now you may run pac.

Options:
  generate
    -- can be ran multiple times to modify the yaml file from a guided
    script

  install
    -- can either accept from commandline what host to install from or
    choose from list; can modify values on the fly depending on which
    host you've chosen; searches for dependencies and auto-installs
    them; should be smart enough to grab the right depedencies for 
    certain things

  upgrade
    -- can accept syntax like 'upgrade myweb' to do a git diff and
    grab the latest code

  restart
    -- can accept syntax like 'restart mysql' or 'restart myjava'

Assumptions:
  * all ssh-keys have been added in your path, which I do before I start
    up a screen session; if not we should eventually be able to point
    various keys to whatever project/server and allow it to be smart enough
    to where you only have to type in your password once instead of 20 times

Cucumber Stories/TODO/etc..:

  * easy easy easy auto-provisioining of deployments

  * should have a DSL for doing quick tasks in the shell?

  * should be able to pull multiple projects into a deployment
    (java app && merb app)

  * should be able to do extensive conf editing, etc. each time

  * should not have to type in the password every time for something as simple
    as restarting a server

  * upgrade should upgrade all code from your repositories by default unless
    you specify only repository to upgrade

  * should auto-generate a recipe for you based on various questions

  * also should have the ability to modify this recipe later on

  * basically we are looking at zero-conf editing

  * should support individual keys and/or passwords for each repo you add

  * should try to use ssh-agent logins already available in your environment..
